
SQLtransfer
 

What is it? 
-----------

This tool enables you to collect information from any database or datasource, 
that can be reached via Java DataBase Connectivity and also supports retrieving 
information from Directory Services via LDAP. After collecting the information 
you can use SQL to transform the information in the way you need and want it.


How?
----

If you want to see it in action, do the following in this directory on a command 
line:

Linux:   ./bin/sqltransfer examples/sqltransfer_simpletest.xml
Windows: bin/sqltransfer examples/sqltransfer_simpletest.xml



Why?
----

One part of my job was getting information from other databases into the database
of the application I was working for. Sometimes I found some ancient database 
types at customers, that you had to support and that our approach at that time was
to demanding for these types of databases and connectors. My solution was then just 
to get that information into a another type of database. This other database is 
familiar to you and you can make it do anything you want, because you will know the 
ins and outs.

Another use-case is when the customer wants something strange that is not straight-
forward and you have to manipulate the data before you insert it into your database. 
You can do that now without interfering the source or target database. This way 
you can make the transition of the information a clear process and before you do the
real insert, you can see if the information is the way you want it.

So in short, SQLtransfer makes my life easy for not so easy tasks.


The Latest Version
------------------

Details of the latest version can be found on the SQLtransfer Project web site: 
http://code.google.com/p/sqltransfer/


Documentation
-------------

You can find documentation about this application in the directory docs.


Licensing
---------

This software is licensed under the terms you may find in the file 
named "LICENSE" in this directory.

Licenses of used projects can be found in the directory licenses. I would like to 
thank the SLF4J and the Logback project for making logging easy and the H2 Database project 
for creating an easy but powerful database.
  

Thanks for using SQLtransfer.

Remco Schoen
http://code.google.com/p/sqltransfer/